Art and Dave


Based on the following script, describe the situation in 2 paragraphs:
"that's what I'm talking about and if
there's a [ __ ] problem let me know
and we can both
all right I'm gonna go ahead and uh
I hate drama and this video was not
intended to be drama it was supposed to
be something cool and exciting
it with that [ __ ] right oh snap
somebody's neck I caught wind of a guy
that has a lot of helicopters and a lot
of helicopter Parks like 60 000 Parts 12
helicopters
I think we're gonna make a deal with it
uh I'm gonna buy it what's the deal
right now might I'd be that I just leave
10 grand here over the weekend and then
I never see it again I don't think it's
gonna happen I trust him we're gonna
come back Monday land on a final number
right now we're still somewhere between
150 000 and 300 000 which is still
smoking good deal
foreign
[Music]
outstanding red sauce delicious egg on
point
[Music]
all right guys welcome back to Arizona
we are here this is day number two
um on the helicopter deal we were here
on Friday went home I left them on the
deposit and now uh My Buddy Joe from
thoroughbred Aviation a guy who built my
Blackhawk greatest mechanic ever he's
been going over the paperwork books
everything trying to establish kind of a
rough inventory figure out what's going
on in here and help me understand what
it's worth because I still haven't
landed on a final price with these guys
so we're gonna go in talk with art and
Sebastian and see how close we can get
to making a deal
and uh yeah we'll see where it goes
did see the book for the turbo Mecca
that's over here
seemed to have uh misplaced the keys huh
[Music]
all right awesome who did it right here
this is the key shut up
there you go well done there you go you
tried all the keys are right there yeah
yeah
no ducks
[Music]
I think this is a cassette player or it
could be like an old Nintendo 64. we
gotta blow it
I think get it to work again I think
everything in here is helicopter stuff
oh what's up
see radio
there's no way what do you mean there's
no way I'm so confused why you guys
don't think I can make this work the
angles bro
okay I'm impressed freaking Spiderman
and James Bond all in the same character
I'm gonna help you all right so starting
negotiations again here today we were
last year on Friday
and uh it's just the story keeps on
changing
not accusing anybody of anything but um
I think there's a lot of emotions
involved here with the way this whole
deal has been put together and the way
this whole Warehouse has been built over
the years obviously this is you know a
lot of time and energy for somebody
but uh
you know we're the hard part is
identifying what I'm actually buying and
so I'm trying to identify what I'm
buying and say is that part of it is
that part of it and I'm being told well
that's not but that is and that's not
that is which isn't going to work
because
if I lived right next door we could
easily come down here and say Yep this
is it that's not you know and go through
the stuff but since we don't and we all
got to get back to Salt Lake and Joe's
got to go back to Kentucky and you know
this is not our we're not here every day
we have to have a very clean black and
white this goes out this is yours
everything else stays type of situation
and that's that's going to be the
easiest cleanest way to do it so yeah
and bro listen
ain't no return burning here man there's
I know 40 [ __ ] no 50 million I know
I'm not accusing and all that stuff I
can move it outside and I'll tow it away
yeah it's simple as that yeah I'm not
gonna negotiate here and there that's
like that's that's harsh right you know
that what do you mean by that meaning
the forklifting okay that's a little
hard and then well I'm not sure I just
had expectations exactly and they're
fully here yeah at the same time
it is what it is you're getting a
smoking deal right understood by the
deal I can't have the deal change once I
understand what the deal is that's why
I'm trying to figure out exactly tools
and stuff if you don't want the racking
we'll take it but everything was
included forklift is going to a guy
that's in a wheelchair fell out of the
sky or the helicopter didn't know that
Friday his son died sure in a helicopter
don't donating it to him because they're
broke down so you told me forklift's not
part of it you can have it I'll buy him
another one but that's fine I'm just
trying to establish expectations I'm not
trying to tell you that you should or
shouldn't here's the thing my personal
stuff right like tools and stuff like
that yeah
I got my toolbox out of here already no
problem yeah that stuff come on I'm not
asking if we talked about that when we
started the conversation exactly but
when everybody comes in here and they're
all tensed up in the room
everybody's got to get out everybody
it's like so military it says to calm
down right this is a friendship thing
sure this was a good thing that's great
for everyone do things for people yeah
as I do too and that's what the that's
what the whole thing was about right but
when we come in here and everybody's
like on edge I don't think anybody's on
edge I think we're all just kind of
focused on trying to concentrate on so
let's all sit down putting everything
talk rather than running around and
talking about we got to check this we
got to check that make sure that's no
there's no private conversations
happening here everybody's assessing
from wall to wall what's happening let's
calm down like we did before right that
way everything's chill and we're all
there is good about it we're all there
everybody because when everybody's
moving fast and everybody's checking
everybody's like so focused on you know
forklift tools are everything everything
seriously that landing gear 10 of those
landing gears is
you know I can show you a box that's 10
times that yeah it is what it is we're
good man yeah we're we're gonna have
this because I'll run this [ __ ] out the
door for sure and that's just what I'm
about yeah it was already going out the
door yeah Lamar [ __ ] me just like
everybody else before that no AC six
months it pushed me out six days before
right yeah I was supposed to stay six
days seriously he starts telling me
there's no trucks there's no problems
there's nothing dumpster it goes I
filled out seven huge dumpsters and had
about 15 guys oh 15 trucks come out here
with guys for scrap metal it was going
out the door yeah I heard that you do
some good stuff you did some research I
don't do social media right and I said
you know what let's donate some stuff
yeah and then he's got a lot of things
going on a part of the technology all
that stuff let him succeed yeah I'm good
I don't need anything conversations
so now today it doesn't seem like that
no we're on the same page all I wanted
to do today was show up and figure out
exactly what we're buying and what the
separation looks like because there has
to happen sooner or later otherwise it
would already happened it already
happened it's just like I said totally
personal stuff that's what I'm learning
though that's the questions I'm having
I could have sworn we said personal
stuff forklift wasn't a part of the
conversation so that's that's what
that's right I don't want to say
forklift over again the forklift stays
yeah no problem you guys need it so what
I what I mentioned Sebastian is
a good thing that we could do is walk
around with a piece of tape or something
and just Mark everything that we don't
need to I just need to get my [ __ ] out
of here and that's it well that's a
problem I need to understand what's your
[ __ ] uh my tools the stereo and
different things like that it's just
it's very simple though this is not like
a nitpick that's mine that's yours this
is a hey walk with me Dave I want to
show you that's my speaker system that's
my this that's why that that's the stuff
I'm gonna get out today all you're doing
is helping me identify what's going to
be pulled out we're not negotiating over
here
because it's not a business deal right
this is a giveaway sure and I'm not
going to keep any of your personal stuff
that's well I wouldn't give it right I'm
giving stuff away I'm not selling it
right so this is a donation obviously
sure
right try to understand what the
separation of donation donated items are
yeah that makes sense my personal stuff
I obviously wouldn't donate like my
stereo on my couch and my underwear and
all I wanted to do is identify what that
is I don't want to have my guys come in
here start packing up one of your
speakers yeah I'm not negotiating a deal
we're helping people out obviously
you're probably going to do some good
with this you help people out that's the
only thing that's on my mind right
nothing about a deal right because
that's not a deal that's uh I'm walking
away from everything basically sure so
if we're gonna do that then I'll just
start dumping again and I don't that was
the whole point of it I just want this
to do some good if it's going to do some
good then that's what it's about but
it's not an ideal
simple you know we got to be on that
same page because here I'm feeling a
little bit more agitated more more fast
more follow your mind and all of a
sudden he's not feeling good about it
I'm not feeling good about it right and
there's too much movement too much fast
specifics what's this oh we got Drone
footage okay no worries he didn't take
that Bolt that
that ain't happening right that's not
[ __ ] happening if this ain't enough
and that bolts are concerned
that it ain't enough it'll never be
enough I'm just saying let's walk walk
it back a little bit yeah who who
brought up concerns
well somebody's talking about Drone
footage
oh you guys said it no you brought it up
you you said you have the Drone footage
that you can expect waiting no no no you
guys said it right here
you said it right here to your guys and
I repeated it later yeah that is true
that is so clear I would have never said
that unless I heard it sure I just
wanted to make sure that that's what
we're talking about if that's that's the
that's what I'm talking about sure
that's not what was last time we met
completely different and this here is
okay we're coming in we're doing this
this is specific we're locking the doors
we want to make sure nobody's in here
dude that's a deal that's this is not a
deal oh okay I misunderstood This Is Us
hold on hold on because it's nice and I
I came in I came in under the
expectations that we were making a deal
granted big deal is interesting and it
was it was creative and the way we're
going to do it is you know I'm going to
support Sebastian what he's doing
perfect but I didn't come in on the
expectation of some Community
idea of
just this ebb and flow that I have zero
control over because
I understand but I'm putting a lot of
money into this that oh I have to be
able to control I know you have I'm not
even I'm not good this is not comparing
yeah apples and oranges
of seven days a week all I'm trying to
say is this is this is a deal to me yeah
whether it's a donation deal or whatever
it is there is money changing hands and
it has to be drawn it just has to be
crystal clear so that your expectations
are met and mine are met does that make
sense and I was crystal clear sure all
we're doing is clarify it right what
else I mean this conversation is is
clarifying this is not nobody's accusing
anybody but when I come in here and
everybody's we got a Drone footage of
this we got the guys walking around how
many landing gears all this right that's
not gonna happen well I always want to
hear that [ __ ] if you heard that
conversation that was because that was
right behind you I was working with you
I understand hearing that conversation
that was probably somebody saying it
looks different than last time what
happened what things have different
the whole place looks yeah because I
[ __ ] move [ __ ] around and I have to
get stuff inside understood and I
cleaned it up and I started organizing
it right and I started getting new
packaging material I started labeling
things I started moving this stuff
packaging all that separating things out
make sure the boxes getting the
paperwork done yeah I was here for the
last two nights straight I haven't slept
in three days no I know doing here
coughing up dust right not complaining
for sure doing a good thing and not even
mention I didn't want to [ __ ] mention
that [ __ ] right but what it should be oh
looks good let's look at this nothing
has been moved other than that thing
that was up there which the tools are
right there
that's it what else
you got something to say hey
all right I'm going to go ahead and uh
so if there's a concern then let's bring
it out to the open if you see a box
that's different ask me and I'll show
you where it is if you got a picture of
it I'll find it for you brother I'll
find it for you man but so who am I
talking about this this donation with
you Sebastian at this point I'll be
overhearing it because uh you know this
is uh I gotta I gotta support my kid at
this point right I thought we're we're
clear but all you know I know
negotiations I know a little bit more I
don't want him being stressed out
because this is a now a stressful
situation yeah and it's not the fun
thing that we were discussing last time
and
it feels completely different brother
yeah I'm not sure how that changed well
probably the jaw footage comment yeah
yeah and then bouncing around and oh the
room and then what was your room there's
a room specific specific specific
specifics and then I need everybody out
here just so we're clear as soon as I
think I need the door is locked yeah I
guess there there was a there was a
completely understand I didn't say
anything yeah it was just right I'm like
whoa wait a second yeah you know that's
part of finalizing an agreement you know
that's not the way I finalized all of
this right and I've done monster deals
but I'm not I'm not saying you know and
I've never I've never went in and right
I always I need you please help me help
you and I've always he's been through so
much you guys are here full time I have
limited time I'm trying to be as well
and that's why I said everything else
I'm just trying to be as efficient with
our time here as possible and I'm not
trying to waste your time or anybody
else's time so that's why when I come in
I get to the point that's me trying to
be respectful of your time yes I'm not
trying to disrespect you yeah at all
because I have nothing but respect of
course I and thank you at the same time
don't do that I understand I'm here for
you I've been here for you right I don't
expect any money for sure I helped out
the natives for three [ __ ] years not
a dollar I asked for right
um there for people yeah but I'm not
gonna be [ __ ] profit in this house
fully supportive of anything you want to
know for sure that's [ __ ] video
whatever the [ __ ] you want to do let's
do it if you're missing a box let me
know we'll find it yeah we'll search
this [ __ ] until we find it
that's what I'm talking about and if
there's a [ __ ] problem let me know
and we could both part ways because I'm
not going to stress like this right and
this month when I'm doing a good deed
yeah and I don't want to be acknowledged
I just don't want to be [ __ ] on right at
the same time
because I've been through some [ __ ] and
I got enough [ __ ] trying to
[ __ ] me out there right and that ain't
gonna happen yeah if they didn't do it
out there they didn't do anything here
yeah and I was six months without AC
right six days to move out trying to
change the locks for what Right For What
trying to take my [ __ ] for free oh that
doesn't happen yeah no no no no that
makes sense I had people trying to walk
through the door asking about my son
taking pictures of you and him talking
the [ __ ] out of here with that [ __ ]
right I'll [ __ ] snap somebody's neck
I am tired of that you know how many
people have come here to try to know
every single body was put in the date on
Wednesday when my move out day was
Tuesday right
really man
we spent the last couple hours going
back and forth with art obviously this
is uh again like I said this was already
this is kind of his life's work and so
he's a little emotionally attached to
some of the stuff
I've got some concerns and I'm not going
to get into kind of too many details of
what they are but bottom line is my guts
telling me that I probably shouldn't do
this full deal and it's a lot of it's
because I don't have full control over
what's happening here
um
yeah it's just that's that's that's it
in a nutshell
so I'm ready to walk away from the deal
however I already gave them 10 grand
and uh I want the dolphin helicopter but
I don't want any of the drama that comes
with it with the warehouse and
everything so I'm thinking I'm gonna try
to possibly throw an offer right now to
just buy the dolphin and all the parks
and stuff with it
from 100 Grand or something and see if
they go for it and then walk away
because I just don't feel real
comfortable with everything that's going
on so
here we go see what happens with it I
might have just thrown 10 grand of
Nothing by giving them a deposit if we
leave here empty-handed because
something tells me probably not get a
refund but we'll see
[Applause]
foreign
comes a good agreement on price whatever
we still then have to ship it all back
to Utah
or to Kentucky Warehouse
inventory
Warehouse ship it how long none of us
are gonna even because you you sell part
right now on the regular right how long
is the average
shelf life
impossible to say the stuff that was
going to move fast already moved
so the stuff that's here
two days 12 years
right take advantage on the aircraft if
it's popular there's a lot of parts for
sale online right now for the dolphin
and the Pumas you're talking about two
what Airbus considers Legacy machines so
it just comes down to the operator how
many opera most Pumas are operated
overseas now they're not even operated
in the states
thank you
so okay let's say he buys just the
dolphin
then it then it's the fear of
making sure we leave here with
everything we need to get it running
before we put ourselves in even bigger
bind so we don't have to then contact
him to buy the parts that we didn't come
home with exactly that would be scary
all right time to call the bank and put
a stop payment on a check
oh really
bummer
you want to put that in other words and
answers our question in other words
the deal went South
uh we're getting out of here
because they don't have any options
I think that might be their security
yeah
it works I would like to access your
account I just kept getting a really
yucky feeling every every conversation
I've had I kept getting worse and worse
and worse
and when they finally demanded that I
send money overseas to some military
contractor company that they do business
with
that doesn't make sense so
you didn't get this dolphin yet but you
will have a dolphin soon now because you
are so set on it
hey Mike
hey
um
the deal's not gonna happen he just
keeps getting he keeps getting crazier
and crazier and wants me to send money
to some offshore military account so I
just walked away and uh we're gonna be
out
all right I apologize
all right man let me know if you uh if
you do end up um locking the building
and up liquidating anything because we
can uh we can get it all moved out
pretty quickly and work a deal but I
have a feeling it's not gonna be that
easy with art
yep all right understood thanks sir
so I think
um
here's where it's at
I hate drama and this video was not
intended to be drama it was supposed to
be something cool and exciting
but when your gut tells you that
something's not right you follow it and
that's what my guts tell me right now uh
I'll tell you kind of the evolution of
this deal
I heard about it from a friend a fan
really nice guy Lamar great guy
um he told me a few weeks ago a month or
so ago hey here's the steal here's you
know some valuable stuff sent me
pictures I was like yeah that's cool
that's interesting and he's like you
know shoot him an offer a couple million
bucks I was like not interested and then
didn't talk to him for a few weeks came
back he's like hey shoot him any offer
he's got to get out he doesn't have any
options because he's currently getting
evicted
so he's like literally shoot him 150 000
offer I was like okay tell him 150 I'll
come down and buy it off get on the
phone I hear him talking to Art 150 deal
or he said yeah come down check it out
let's talk so we came down under the
assumption that 150 000 bought
everything in that warehouse which is a
smoking deal don't get me wrong great
deal
um when we got here looked around
started having to negotiate with uh the
sun sun told me he's like uh 300 Grand
and then I was told that I couldn't send
money to the dad and the dad would have
to donate me art would have to donate
the stuff to me and then I would send
the money to a different bank account
whatever you know everybody's got their
problems sure
that was Friday we'll come back today
and the whole Warehouse has been
rearranged stuff's been moved they claim
it was just personal stuff that was
moved out that's fine whatever I still
saw it's a lot of the major components
were still there that were valuable
um Joe's been here for two or three days
getting kind of an inventory of stuff
what's going on and uh you know even
Joe's like hey you know 200 300 000 we
could still probably make some money
that you probably still get the
basically the dolphin helicopter for
free by the time we sell all this stuff
okay great
um we land on the number it was uh two
hundred and forty thousand dollars
and then I also would have to pay 25 000
of back rent to his uh landlord who's
currently got an eviction notice against
him and then I would have to pay twenty
thousand dollars of storage to keep
everything here for the month of
December so I was going to be into this
deal what
285
which was right below the threshold of
you know where we wanted to be
but there was also this weird world of
had anything been removed with stuff
still there I'm not accusing them about
anything I really actually really liked
you know uh their operation there
um but I just don't know because I'm not
here they're here all day every day
um and then the stroller broke account
was back just now was I wanted to send a
wire today
give them their money and then lock the
doors today and and not just not just
remove them but remove anybody I don't
know who has access to this building
so once the money hit their account I
wanted to change the door locks padlock
all the doors and just close it and
that's basically hitting reset and I
told them that multiple times and you
know emotions got a little hot for a
second there with them because I think
art maybe felt like I was accusing him
of something which I wasn't I was just
trying to make this as clean and
clear-cut as possible and so still we
were on track to do it we're going to
figure that out get the money
transferred
um and then I was told that the money
needed to go overseas to some military
entity
and I said why they said oh we got
contracts and he couldn't give me a
straight answer and I felt very
uncomfortable with that and that's when
my gut said run
so as I started walking out the door I
talked to them one more time I said hey
I'll buy the dolphin from you if you
guys want to sell it
um
you know you sell me that and we can
move on and uh we don't have to take all
your stuff and we can just do a deal on
that
didn't want to do that because there's a
bunch of dolphin Parts in there that
have to track down so
um
I think they thought that I was just
gonna have to kind of bend over and send
the money overseas or I think they
thought that I needed this more than I
really do really I just wanted it
because it'd be fun and cool but uh
no amount of fun and cool is worth
coming back down here and the headache
of finding that potentially stuff that I
paid my hard-earned money for was gone
or locked up or in a dispute or had
liens against it I just not worth it so
so I'm done and they're like okay fine
and then I think that he like looked at
me and like waiting for me to negotiate
and walked out and now we're leaving
that was it that was it you literally
said um all right I'm done I said okay
thanks for your time I'm leaving and
they were like all right uh and then
like they could tell they were like
ready to have a conversation and then
here we are we're leaving uh what sucks
is I did give them a 10 000 deposit and
maybe we have it on camera but when I
said I don't want to give you guys 10
grand and then not have anything to show
for it and art said he's like he's like
[ __ ] I'll sell you the dolphin for 10
grand like you got a deal you gotta you
know our word is good so technically I'm
supposed to be able to take the dolphin
for 10 grand because he verbally said
that
but it's not gonna happen and uh I'm
just gonna chalk it to up to ten
thousand dollars to being gone and it is
what it is I'm not gonna get that money
back
that was a risk that I took and giving
them a deposit I'm glad I didn't give a
bigger deposit because they were asking
for uh like 10 of the deal like they
want 30 40 Grand
really glad I didn't give that much
money so don't let this video flop I
ever have a new cover that 10K that we
just lost we lost more than 10K just by
the way I don't want to save your
flights but we're probably in this thing
15. fights rental cars not shooting
other videos taking four days of our of
our life paying for all of Joe's time
so this was an expensive lesson yeah I
mean the thing is the risk to reward was
really high it was a high risk but the
reward could have been tremendous
um I mean really I could have got a free
helicopter that deal helicopter that
would have been worth a million or two
um but
I also could have sent
230 40 000 overseas
and come back to an empty Warehouse
not gonna fight that fight where did
that security guard showed up right yeah
that was what was really sketchy is he
was sitting there the whole time yeah he
was sitting across the across the way in
his car the whole time we left literally
the minute we start pulling away
security guard and unmarked car pulls
around
and jumps out of his car and goes into
the warehouse he was apparently hired to
sit there and watch us
so now we're going back to Salt Lake and
I am done with this deal
um the worst part about this whole thing
David and I don't want to really like I
know you're having a hard time can't get
your dolphin
uh you're having to fly main cabin on
the way home
that's just salt in the wound right
there
[Music]
come on
From HeavyDSparks"


In the script, a man is in the process of negotiating the purchase of a large number of helicopter parts from a seller. The man is accompanied by his mechanic, Joe, who is helping him to understand the value of what he is buying. The negotiation process has been somewhat contentious, with the man expressing frustration at the shifting terms of the deal and the emotional involvement of the seller. At one point, the man threatens to walk away from the deal entirely.




Can you please summarize the script in more detail, let's say in 10 bullet points


	0.	A man is negotiating the purchase of a large number of helicopter parts.
	0.	The man is accompanied by his mechanic, Joe, who is helping him to understand the value of the parts.
	0.	The negotiation process has been somewhat contentious.
	0.	The man expresses frustration at the shifting terms of the deal and the emotional involvement of the seller.
	0.	At one point, the man threatens to walk away from the deal entirely.
	0.	The man and the seller continue to negotiate, with the man trying to identify exactly what he is buying and at what price.
	0.	The seller appears to be emotional and upset during the negotiation.
	0.	The man and his mechanic discuss the value of the parts and try to determine a fair price.
	0.	The negotiation continues, with the man expressing concern about the unclear terms of the deal.
	0.	The script ends without a clear resolution to the negotiation.




That's not right, let's make corrections to the following points as follows:
1. The man is called Dave, let's name him like that in the bullet points.
2. Add that they are also accompanied by a film crew and other friends of Dave.
3. Describe this in 4 sentences please
6. Describe why the seller does not want to sell in 6 sentences. Also name him Art please.
10. The result of the negotiation is that Dave walks away from the deal after Art asks to send money to a foreign private military bank account

After the bullet points, please add a 15 sentence perspective of the seller, taking into account that the seller has been trying to sell what he owns for months and having to be forced to sell the lot at a very low amount compared to the value of the items sold. Add a possible scenario the seller would have to be in in order to have to make this decision. 


	0.	Dave is negotiating the purchase of a large number of helicopter parts.
	0.	Dave is accompanied by his mechanic, Joe, and a film crew and other friends.
	0.	The negotiation process is contentious and emotionally charged.
	0.	Dave expresses frustration at the shifting terms of the deal and the emotional involvement of the seller, Art.
	0.	At one point, Dave threatens to walk away from the deal entirely.
	0.	Art is hesitant to sell because he has spent a lot of time and energy building up his collection of helicopter parts and is emotionally attached to them.
	0.	He is also concerned about getting a fair price for his collection and is not happy with the offers he has received so far.
	0.	Art is upset and emotional during the negotiation, which only adds to the tension.
	0.	Dave and Joe try to determine a fair price for the parts and discuss the value of the collection.
	0.	The negotiation continues, with Dave expressing concern about the unclear terms of the deal.
	0.	In the end, Dave decides to walk away from the deal after Art asks him to send money to a foreign private military bank account.
From the seller's perspective, he has been trying to sell his collection of helicopter parts for months, but has been unable to find a buyer who is willing to pay a fair price. He has had to accept a much lower offer than the true value of his collection, which has left him feeling upset and emotional. He may have been forced to make this decision due to financial difficulties or other circumstances that have left him with no other choice. He is saddened to have to part with his beloved collection, but knows that it is the best decision for him given his current situation.




Let's retell the story from the perspective of Art's son, who is put into charge for selling all the items. What are the top 5 things he is worried about?


	0.	As Art's son, he is worried about getting a fair price for his father's collection of helicopter parts, which he knows is valuable.
	0.	He is concerned about the emotional toll that the sale will take on his father, who has spent a lot of time and energy building up the collection.
	0.	He is worried about the possibility of the deal falling through, which would be a disappointment for his father and a financial setback for the family.
	0.	He is anxious about dealing with potential buyers who are difficult or uncooperative, which could make the negotiation process even more challenging.
	0.	He is also concerned about the logistics of the sale, such as how to transport the parts and how to properly inventory and document everything that is being sold.




What would some probable concerns for the seller be taking into account the validated fact that his company is doing business with private military.


If the seller's company is doing business with private military, some probable concerns could include:
	0.	The potential legal and ethical implications of selling military-grade equipment to private military organizations.
	0.	The potential risk of backlash or criticism from the public or from government authorities if the sale is discovered.
	0.	The potential impact on the seller's reputation and business relationships if the sale becomes known.
	0.	The potential risk of losing government contracts or other business opportunities if the sale is seen as compromising the seller's integrity.
	0.	The potential financial implications of any fines or penalties that may be imposed if the sale is found to be illegal or unethical.




That's not right. Art does not sell to government or authorities, but private small private militaries abroad the United States. How would such relationships between the companies start?


It is possible that the seller's company has developed relationships with small private militaries abroad through a variety of means. Some possible scenarios could include:
	0.	The seller's company may have been approached by private military organizations looking for specific equipment or services.
	0.	The seller's company may have been recommended to private military organizations by other clients or business partners.
	0.	The seller's company may have actively sought out private military organizations as potential clients through networking, marketing, or other means.
	0.	The seller's company may have developed relationships with private military organizations over time through repeat business or other forms of collaboration.
	0.	The seller's company may have a reputation for providing high-quality equipment or services to private military organisations, which has led to the development of these relationships.




Based on the previous answer, please describe Art and how a life in his day looks like a year before he was forced to sell his equipment.


Art is likely a passionate and dedicated individual who has spent years building up his collection of helicopter parts. He has likely invested a lot of time and energy into acquiring, organizing, and maintaining his collection, and may have even built a small business around it. In the year before he was forced to sell his equipment, his daily life likely revolved around his collection, with much of his time and attention focused on sourcing new parts, organising his inventory, and keeping everything in good working order. He may have also spent time networking with other helicopter enthusiasts and building relationships with potential buyers or clients. Overall, Art's life was likely centred around his passion for helicopters and his collection of parts, and he likely derived a great deal of satisfaction and enjoyment from this pursuit.




Now describe what does Art have to do in order to maintain it's good relationship with the companies he does business with, what is required from him?


To maintain good relationships with the companies he does business with, Art likely has to ensure that he is providing high-quality equipment and services in a timely and reliable manner. This may require him to regularly maintain and update his inventory, to respond promptly to customer inquiries and requests, and to be transparent and communicative about any potential issues or delays. He may also need to be flexible and adaptable in order to meet the changing needs of his clients, and to be proactive in seeking out new business opportunities and building relationships with potential clients. Additionally, he may need to comply with any legal or ethical requirements related to the sale of military equipment, and to be transparent and honest about his business practices. Overall, maintaining good relationships with his clients likely requires Art to be professional, reliable, and responsive, and to prioritize the satisfaction and needs of his customers.




We conclude that Art has to cut a lot of corners in order to achieve success in business and most probably is emotionally affected. As such this creates a lot of tension and people tend to relief stress in different ways. Taking this into account, make readjustments to the description to the day in Art's life example and include what is the most probable scenario taking into account we know that one year from now he will be out of business.


One year before he was forced to sell his equipment, Art's daily life likely revolved around his collection of helicopter parts and his small business. He likely spent much of his time and energy sourcing new parts, organising his inventory, and maintaining his collection. He may have also spent time networking with other helicopter enthusiasts and building relationships with potential buyers or clients. However, due to the competitive and challenging nature of his business, Art may have had to cut corners in order to achieve success. This may have included making compromises on the quality of his equipment, sacrificing his own personal time and well-being, or engaging in unethical or illegal business practices. As a result, he may have been under a great deal of stress and emotional strain, which could have manifested in various ways, such as anger, anxiety, or isolation. In the end, despite his best efforts, Art's business was not able to withstand the pressure and he was forced to sell his collection at a steep discount. The most probable scenario is that he was unable to keep up with the demands of his business and the changing market, and was ultimately forced to close his doors and sell off his inventory.




Retell the story now from the perspective of Dave after Art was forced to leave his warehouse and the landlord liquidated the equipment to Dave anyways. What happens after Dave starts to sort the warehouse in order to sell it all?


After Art was forced to leave his warehouse, the landlord liquidated the equipment to Dave. Dave began sorting through the warehouse, trying to understand what he had purchased and how he could best sell it. He was assisted by his mechanic, Joe, and a film crew, as well as other friends. As he sorted through the piles of parts and equipment, Dave realized that he had made a good deal and that the collection was worth far more than what he had paid for it. He was excited to start selling the parts and making a profit. However, he also faced some challenges, such as the need to properly inventory and document everything, and the challenge of finding the right buyers for the various parts and equipment. Overall, Dave was pleased with his purchase and looked forward to making a success of his new business.




What will Art do after Dave now gets all of his belongings?


It is unclear what Art will do after Dave gets all of his belongings. He may be devastated and heartbroken to lose his collection, which was likely a major part of his life and identity. He may also be angry and resentful towards Dave and the landlord for taking his belongings and ending his business. Alternatively, he may try to move on and focus on other things, such as finding a new hobby or starting a new business. It is also possible that he will try to reconnect with his former customers and clients, or seek out new opportunities in the helicopter industry. Ultimately, it is impossible to know for sure what Art will do, as it will depend on his individual circumstances and personal response to the situation.




Let's put yourself in Art's shoes, into his perspective. What would you do knowing Art's personality traits and his current situation? Pretend like you're him.


As Art, I would likely be devastated and heartbroken to lose my collection of helicopter parts, which was a major part of my life and identity. I would probably feel angry and resentful towards Dave and the landlord for taking my belongings and ending my business. I would also likely be struggling with feelings of loss, grief, and regret, as I had poured so much time, energy, and passion into my collection. I would probably try to find ways to cope with my emotions and move on, such as by finding a new hobby or starting a new business. I may also try to reconnect with my former customers and clients, or seek out new opportunities in the helicopter industry. Ultimately, I would try to find a way to rebuild my life and move forward, even though it would be a difficult and painful process.




Let's adjust Art's character. He's emotional and fell into drug abuse. He is using cocane and is not sleeping. How would Art behave in his current predicament?


If Art is emotional and has fallen into drug abuse, specifically using cocaine and not sleeping, his behavior in his current predicament would likely be erratic and unpredictable. He may be prone to mood swings and outbursts of anger or frustration. He may also have difficulty making rational decisions or communicating clearly. His drug use and lack of sleep may also make him more paranoid, anxious, and susceptible to hallucinations or delusions. In general, his behaviour would likely be unpredictable and potentially dangerous, both to himself and to others. It would be important for him to seek help and support in order to address his drug abuse and emotional distress, in order to improve his mental and physical health.


How would one help Art?


To help Art, it would be important to address his emotional distress and drug abuse. This could include providing him with support, such as counselling or therapy, to help him cope with the loss of his collection and the end of his business. It would also be important to provide him with access to drug treatment services, such as detoxification, rehabilitation, and support groups, to help him overcome his addiction and achieve lasting recovery. In addition, it would be helpful to provide him with practical assistance, such as help with finding a new hobby or starting a new business, or with reconnecting with his former customers and clients. Ultimately, the goal would be to help Art to rebuild his life and move forward in a healthy and positive way.